------------------------------------------
  Microsoft Windows 98 README for Setup
             April 1998
------------------------------------------

(c) Copyright Microsoft Corporation, 1998

This document provides complementary or late-breaking 
information to supplement the Microsoft Windows 98 
documentation.

CONTENTS

QUICK TIPS FOR AN ERROR-FREE SETUP
GENERAL SETUP ISSUES
INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 FROM MS-DOS 
ANTIVIRUS SOFTWARE
FINDING AND FIXING HARD DISK PROBLEMS DURING SETUP 
	(USING SCANDISK)
REMOVING WINDOWS 98
IF YOU HAVE A COMPRESSED DRIVE
INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 ON A SYSTEM RUNNING WINDOWS NT 
INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 ON A SYSTEM RUNNING OS/2
SETUP ERROR MESSAGES
EDITING THE CONFIG.SYS AND AUTOEXEC.BAT FILES
HARDWARE NOTES
MEMORY MANAGERS
DISK-CACHE PROGRAMS
SETTING UP A DUAL-BOOT CONFIGURATION WITH WINDOWS NT
CREATING AN MS-DOS STARTUP PARTITION
USING TERMINATE-AND-STAY-RESIDENT (TSR) PROGRAMS 
	AND DRIVERS
KNOWN POTENTIAL SETUP PROBLEMS


QUICK TIPS FOR AN ERROR-FREE SETUP
Disable all antivirus programs running on your system. 
If these utilities are left running during Setup, your 
system may stop responding. 

NOTE: Some systems have antivirus capabilities built 
into the system. If this option is left enabled in 
BIOS/CMOS settings, you may receive a warning about 
"virus-like activity" or "Master Boot Record" changes. 
You must allow these changes to take place for Setup 
to complete successfully. See your antivirus software 
documentation for more information.

Run ScanDisk to check and fix any problems with your 
hard disk(s).

Close all running programs. This includes disabling 
any screen savers, Advanced Power Management settings, 
and other programs that may cause Setup to stop 
responding. To assure a clean upgrade from in 
Windows 95, press CTRL+ALT+DEL and "End Task" on 
all running programs except SYSTRAY and EXPLORER 
before running Setup. See "Performing a Clean Boot" 
for more information.

GENERAL SETUP ISSUES
If you have the Number Nine Imagine 128 Display 
Adapter, or the STB Velocity 128 3D AGP (Nvidia 
Riva 128), you should run Setup from MS-DOS or 
change your display driver to VGA.

Upgrade vs. Full install versions of Windows 98. 
If you have the Upgrade version of Windows 98, 
Setup will attempt to find a qualifying upgrade 
product on your system. If Setup fails to find a 
previous version of Windows, you will be prompted 
to insert your previous media for proof of 
compliance. 

Disk Space requirements for Windows 98. 
Because there are many factors that go into 
calculating the amount of free space required for 
Windows 98, these figures are only estimates based 
on typical Windows 98 installs.

Typical upgrade from Windows 95: requires approximately 
  195 MB of free hard disk space, but may range 
  between 120 MB to 295 MB, depending on your system 
  configuration and the options you choose to install.
Full install of Windows 98 on a FAT16 drive: requires 
  225 MB of free hard disk space, but may range between 
  165-355 MB depending on system configuration and 
  options selected.
Full install of Windows 98 on a FAT32 drive: requires 
  175 MB of free hard disk space, but may range between 
  140 MB - 255 MB, depending on system configuration and 
  options selected.

Also, if you are installing Windows 98 to a drive 
other than C, Setup can require up to 25 MB of free 
disk space on drive C for the system and log files 
created during Setup.

Uninstall: If you wish to back up Windows 95 before upgrading, select the Save Your System Files option during Setup. This 
will allow you to uninstall Windows 98 in the event you 
have problems. However, there are certain cases in which 
you cannot do this:

* Your current Windows installation is on a 
  compressed drive.
* You are installing to a new directory or setting 
  up a clean install with no previous version available.
* You are running a version of MS-DOS earlier 
  than 5.0.

MAKE A NEW STARTUP DISK! Because of changes in the 
real-mode and protect-mode kernels to support FAT32, 
Windows 98 startup disks are not compatible with earlier 
versions of Windows. Therefore, when you set up 
Windows 98 for the first time, be sure to make a 
new Startup Disk, EVEN IF YOU ARE NOT PLANNING TO 
USE FAT32.

Program Manager from Windows 3.x.
Program Manager is no longer supported in Windows 98. 
Program Manager (Progman.exe) is left on the system 
for troubleshooting purposes, but it will NOT contain 
any groups. In addition, if you are upgrading over 
Windows 95, your existing .grp files will be removed. 
These are known to cause some problems when installing 
Windows 98. If you are upgrading from Windows 3.x, 
the old .grp files will remain on the system and 
Program Manager will still have some functionality. 
You should back up your existing progman.ini and *.grp 
files before upgrading to Windows 98 if you intend to 
use Program Manager.

INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 FROM MS-DOS
If you are starting with a clean or new hard disk or 
if you have problems running Setup from your previous 
version of Windows, you may have to run Windows 98 
Setup from MS-DOS. Although installing from MS-DOS is 
typically the slower method of installation, it is 
often the safest and should be used when other types 
of installations fail.

MS-DOS Boot Hot Keys:
There are several ways to boot your system to an 
MS-DOS command prompt safely. The easiest way is by 
using these hot keys:

* Windows 98
Hold the CTRL key down while your computer is booting. 
This will take you directly to the Windows 98 Boot 
Menu (the F8 key is still functional, but there is 
no "Starting Windows 98" prompt in Windows 98, so 
it's hard to know exactly when to press it).

* Windows 95
Press the F8 key at the "Starting Windows 95" prompt. 
This will take you to the Windows 95 Boot Menu.

* MS-DOS 6.x
Press the F8 key at the "Starting MS-DOS" prompt. This 
will allows you to manually choose which drivers to 
load or to bypass your system files. 

* Real-mode CD-ROM drivers
You will need real-mode CD-ROM drivers loaded so you 
can access the Windows 98 CD. If you have run 
Windows 98 Setup before and have created a Startup 
Disk, you can use the CD-ROM drivers included on that 
disk. If you do not have a Startup Disk, you will 
need to run the installation program that came with 
your CD-ROM hardware.

After you have access to your CD-ROM drive, you can 
switch to the drive containing the Windows 98 CD 
and type: SETUP. Setup should now continue.


Tips for Installing Real-Mode CD-ROM Drivers:

Currently running Windows 95:
If you are currently running Windows 95, you may 
already have a portion of the CD-ROM drivers loaded. 
If you can shut down to MS-DOS mode and get access 
to your CD-ROM drive, try the following:

* Reboot and press the F8 key at "Starting Windows 95".
* Choose "Command Prompt Only."
* At the C:\ prompt type: DosStart.bat.

You should now have access to your CD-ROM drive.

Lost access to the CD-ROM drive during Setup:
If you lose access to your CD-ROM during Windows 98 
Setup, you can try the following:

* Reboot and press the F8 key at "Starting Windows 95," 
  and then choose the option for Command Prompt Only. If 
  you are running MS-DOS, boot directly to command prompt.
* Edit the Autoexec.bat file by typing: Edit Autoexec.bat
* Delete the text "Rem by Windows 98 Setup" in front of 
  the line that includes the reference to Mscdex.exe.
* Exit Edit by typing ALT-F-X and save the file when 
  prompted.
* Reboot. Either Setup should continue on its own, or 
  you should run Setup again, choosing Safe Recovery if 
  prompted.

Running Windows 98 Setup from Your Hard Disk:
By copying all the Setup files to your hard disk and 
then installing from your hard disk, you can eliminate 
most of the problems associated with file copy and disk 
I/O issues. You can unload your CD-ROM drivers and free 
up conventional memory to assist with low memory errors 
in this type of install. To copy the Setup files locally:

From Windows 95:
* Free an additional 120 MB of disk space in addition 
  to what Setup will require. Setup will typically 
  require 195 MB for an upgrade from Windows 95.
* Create a temporary folder to store the Setup files 
  on that drive.
* Copy the contents of the Win98 folder on your 
  Windows 98 CD to the temporary folder you just created. 
  You should also copy the Win98 subfolders, but this is 
  not essential if you are short on disk space.
* Reboot. Press the F8 key at "Starting Windows 95" and 
  choose Safe Mode Command Prompt Only.
* Now, switch to the temporary folder containing the 
  Windows 98 Setup files and type: SETUP.

From MS-DOS:
* Make sure you have access to your CD-ROM drive. See 
  above for more information.
* Free an additional 120 MB of disk space in addition 
  to what Setup will require. Setup will typically 
  require 195 MB for an upgrade from Windows 95.
* Create a temporary folder on the drive with plenty 
  of free space to store the Setup files. To create a 
  temporary directory, switch to that drive letter and 
  type: MD Win98tmp.
* Now, switch to the Windows 98 CD-ROM drive and the 
  Win98 directory by typing: <drive letter>\Win98.
* Then copy the Windows 98 Setup file to the temporary 
  directory you just created by typing: 
  Copy *.* <drive letter>\Win98tmp
* After all the files are copied, restart your system 
  and perform a clean boot by bypassing your startup 
  files. See "Performing a Clean Boot" for more 
  information.
* Switch to the temporary directory you just copied 
  the files to and start Setup by typing: SETUP.

Performing a Clean Boot:
Third-party device drivers, utilities, or other programs 
can prevent a successful install. Clean-booting your 
system can fix many of these problems. You can perform 
a clean boot by:

Using a floppy disk to start your computer:
* Boot from a Windows 98 Startup Disk. This disk allows 
  the option for loading with or without CD-ROM drivers 
  and is a clean environment for running Setup.
* Boot from a previous Windows 95 or MS-DOS boot disk. 
  This does not give access to your CD-ROM drivers, but 
  can be used if you copy the Setup files to your hard 
  disk as described above.

Windows 95 Safe Mode Command Prompt Only:
* Boot your system and hold the F8 key at the "Starting 
  Windows 95" prompt.
* Choose Safe Mode Command Prompt Only. This also does 
  not provide access to your CD-ROM drive, but can be 
  used if the Setup files are copied to your hard disk 
  as described above.

Windows 98 step-by-step boot:
If you want to load some drivers manually, do this:
* Boot your system and hold the F8 key at the "Starting 
  Windows 95" prompt.
* Choose the Step by Step option.
* Now, only say YES to devices you want to be loaded. In 
  most cases, you should say YES to Himem.sys

Windows 95/MS-DOS Clean boot with more memory:
You can increase the amount of memory available by making 
the following modifications to your Config.sys file. You 
can also make these changes to your Boot Disk as well. 
NOTE: These are the only drivers you should load.

Device=Himem.sys
Device=EMM386.exe noems
Dos=high,umb
Device=drvspace.sys /move 
	(Optional - only if using DriveSpace compression)

Creating a Windows 98 Startup Disk:
If Windows 98 Setup fails after copying most of the files 
to your hard disk, you may be able to create a Startup 
Disk by using the bootdisk.bat utility.
* Boot to an MS-DOS prompt.
* Change directories to your Windows\command directory.
* Run the Bootdisk.bat program that will prompt you to 
  create a Startup Disk.

This disk contains generic real-mode CD-ROM drivers that 
may be useful when running Setup again.

ANTIVIRUS SOFTWARE
Make sure that no antivirus program is running while you 
are setting up Windows 98. If the program is a 
terminate-and-stay-resident program, remove any references 
to it in your Autoexec.bat, Config.sys, and Win.ini files.

If your BIOS has built-in virus protection, disable it 
before running Setup. To disable it, you must use the 
CMOS setup program for your BIOS. For more information, 
see your computer documentation.

See the notes for specific antivirus programs below.

CMOS/BIOS-enabled virus protection:
Some systems come with virus protection built into the 
system. If this is left enabled, you may be warned with 
"Virus-like Activity" or "Master Boot Record Changed" 
messages. You must allow these changes to take place. If 
you choose to restore the previous settings, your system 
may no longer boot.

Norton AntiVirus:
If Norton AntiVirus is installed, you may see the 
following warning at the end of the initial file copy 
procedure: 

	Application Wininst0.400\Suwin.exe is 
	attempting to update the Master Boot Record

You should choose Continue (C) for Setup to finish 
properly. If you do not allow these changes to take place, 
Setup may stop responding.

Dr. Solomon's AntiVirus:
If you are running Dr. Solomon's AntiVirus utility, you 
may receive a blue screen fatal exception error in Ios.vxd 
while trying to create a Startup Disk during Setup. You 
should click Cancel on the Startup Disk screen when the 
progress bar is at 20%. This will allow Setup to continue. 
Look for an update to Dr. Solomon's AntiVirus software on 
their Web site to resolve this issue.

FINDING AND FIXING HARD DISK PROBLEMS DURING SETUP 
(USING SCANDISK)
Finding problems during Windows 98 Setup
The version of Scandisk run during Windows 98 Setup only 
checks for errors. It does not fix them. If there are 
problems, Setup cannot continue until they are fixed. 
To fix these problems, quit Setup and run ScanDisk from 
Windows 95 or MS-DOS. See below for more information 
about using ScanDisk to resolve these issues.

Fixing Hard Disk Problems:
If, during Setup, you see a message telling you that you 
must run ScanDisk to fix problems on your hard disk, 
follow these steps to fix the problems.

If you are setting up Windows 98 over MS-DOS or a 
previous version of Windows, such as Windows 3.1:

1. Quit Windows.

2. If you are setting up from floppy disks, insert 
   Setup Disk 1 into the floppy drive, and then type 
   the following at the command prompt:

	a:scandisk.exe /all

   where "a" is the drive that contains the Windows disk.

3. If you are setting up from a CD, insert the CD, and 
   then type the following:

        d:\win98\scandisk.exe /all

   where "d" is the drive that contains the CD.

4. Follow the instructions on your screen, and fix any 
   problems that ScanDisk finds.

5. Start Windows, and then run Setup again.

If you are setting up Windows 98 over a previous version 
of Windows 98 or Windows 95:

1. Quit Setup.

2. On the Start menu, point to  Programs, point to 
   Accessories, point to System Tools, and then 
   click ScanDisk.

3. Check your hard disks and any host drives you have 
   for errors, and repair any problems found. Be sure 
   to do a complete surface scan on all your drives, 
   or Setup may still find errors.

Problems Running ScanDisk:
There are certain cases where ScanDisk may not be able 
to fix an issue or is producing errors. 

You are running DriveSpace 3 compression:
If Drvspace3 compression is installed on your system, 
you may be low on conventional memory. To free up memory, 
you may try the following:

* If you are running MS-DOS 6.x, you can run Memmaker.exe 
  to free enough memory for ScanDisk to complete. 
* See "INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 FROM MS-DOS" on how to perform 
  a clean boot with more memory.
* Check your drives while running Windows 95.

If you still don't have enough memory, or if you have 
other problems while Setup is running ScanDisk, you can 
bypass ScanDisk in Setup by running Setup with the /IS 
option. To do this, type the following command:

	setup /is

NOTE: Bypassing ScanDisk during Setup is not recommended. 
If you do, there may be problems with your hard disk 
that could cause Windows 98 not to install or run 
correctly.  

REMOVING WINDOWS 98
Saving System Files:
Windows 98 Setup offers users the option of backing 
up their previous version of Windows in case Windows 98 
needs to be uninstalled later. To enable this option, 
you must select the Save Your System Files option when 
prompted during Setup. Setup will then create the 
following hidden files necessary to uninstall Windows 98:
  * Winundo.dat
  * Winundo.ini
  * Winlfn.ini

NOTE: Deleting these files will prevent Windows 98 
from being uninstalled.

If any of the following apply, you will not be able 
to Uninstall Windows 98, and Setup will not prompt you 
to Save System Files:

* Your current Windows installation is on a compressed 
  drive.
* You are installing to a new directory or a clean 
  install with no previous version available.
* You are running a version of MS-DOS earlier than 5.0.

NOTE: The files necessary to remove Windows 98 must 
be saved on a local hard drive. You cannot save them 
to a network drive or a floppy disk. As long as two 
or more drives have adequate free space, you can 
select the drive to which to save the uninstall 
information.

There are also several actions that could prevent 
Windows 98 from being uninstalled after Windows 98 
Setup is complete. The following is a list of items 
that will cause the uninstall information to be removed 
from your system:

* Converting your hard disk to FAT32
* Compressing your hard disk with DriveSpace

NOTE: These utilities should warn you that the Uninstall 
information will be lost before they perform conversion or 
compression.

Removing Windows 98:
To remove Windows 98 and completely restore your system 
to its previous versions of MS-DOS and Windows 3.x, or 
Windows 95:

1. Click Start, point to Settings, and then click Control 
   Panel.
2. Double-click Add/Remove Programs.
3. On the Install/Uninstall tab, click Uninstall Windows 98, 
   and then click Add/Remove.

Or, if you are having problems starting Windows 98, 
use your Startup Disk to start your computer, and then 
run UNINSTAL from the Startup Disk.

NOTE: UNINSTAL needs to shut down Windows 98. If there 
is a problem with this on your computer, restart your 
computer and press F8 when you see the message "Starting 
Windows 98." Then, click Command Prompt Only and run 
UNINSTAL from the command prompt.

If Setup did not complete successfully and you want to 
restore your previous versions of MS-DOS and Windows 3.x, 
or Windows 95, you can run UNINSTAL from the 
\Windows\Command directory on your hard disk, or from 
your Startup Disk.

If you saved your files on a drive other than C, you 
can use the /w option to specify the drive where the 
files are located. For example:

        uninstal /w e:

where e: is the drive containing your previous system 
files.

If Windows 98 is running and you want to remove the 
uninstall files to free disk space, follow these steps:

1. Click Start, point to Settings, and then click 
   Control Panel.
2. Double-click Add/Remove Programs.
3. On the Install/Uninstall tab, click Old 
   Windows 3.x/MS-DOS System Files, and then click 
   Remove. Or click Remove Windows 95 system files 
   (Uninstall Info).

You can no longer remove Windows 98.

IF YOU HAVE A COMPRESSED DRIVE
If you have compressed your hard disk, you
may get a message that there is not enough space on 
the host partition of the compressed drive. Setup may 
have to copy some files to your startup drive, the host 
for your startup drive, or the host for your Windows 
drive. If you get this message, free some space on the 
specified drive, and then run Setup again. Try one of the 
following:

* Set up Windows on an uncompressed drive if possible.

* Delete any unneeded files on your host partition.

* If you are running Windows 3.1 and have a permanent 
  swap file, try making it smaller. In Control Panel, 
  double-click 386 Enhanced, and then click Virtual 
  Memory. Modify the size of your swap file.

* Use your disk compression software to free up some space 
  on the host drive for the compressed drive. If you 
  compressed your drive by using DriveSpace or DoubleSpace, 
  follow these steps:

  1. Quit Windows.
  2. Run Drvspace.exe or Dblspace.exe.
  3. Select the compressed drive on whose host you want 
     to free space.
  4. On the Drive menu, click Change Size and adjust the 
     free space as necessary.

  If you compressed your drive using Windows 95 Drivespace, 
  or Drvspace3 from Plus!, follow these steps:

  1. Start Windows
  2. Select Drivespace from 
     Start/Programs/Accessories/System Tools/Drivespace.
  3. Select the compressed drive on whose host you want 
     to free space.
  4. On the Drive menu, click Change Size, and then adjust 
     the free space as necessary.

If you used other compression software, such as Stacker, 
consult the software documentation.

NOTE: You may notice a discrepancy in the amount of free 
space reported by Setup and the amount of space you think 
is available on your host drive. Windows uses some space 
for creating a swap file. This space may not appear to be 
allocated when Windows is not running. 

NOTE: If you create a Startup Disk during Setup, make 
sure you do not use a compressed disk for the Startup Disk.

INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 ON A SYSTEM RUNNING WINDOWS NT 
You cannot install Windows 98 over any version of 
Windows NT, but they can exist together on a single 
system. However, for compatibility reasons, it is 
recommended that you install each to a separate hard 
disk or partition. If Windows NT is already installed, 
Windows 98 Setup will add itself to the Windows NT boot 
menu to allow the user to multi-boot between Windows 98 
and Windows NT.

If you can no longer boot Windows NT, you should boot 
from the Windows NT recovery disks and choose the Repair 
option to restore the Windows NT boot files.

When installing Windows 98 on a system with drives 
created with Windows NT, you may receive the following 
error:

"Setup has detected that your hard disk has a 64K-cluster 
FAT partition. Because ScanDisk does not work on disks 
with this cluster size, Setup cannot continue. To complete 
Setup , you must repartition your hard disk, format the 
partition with a FAT file system that has a cluster size 
of 32K or less, and then restart Setup."

Running Setup with the "/is" parameter (e.g., Setup /is) 
will bypass ScanDisk and avoid this problem.

INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 ON A SYSTEM RUNNING OS/2
Setup will not run on OS/2. You need to start MS-DOS 
and run Setup from the MS-DOS prompt.

NOTE: If you are upgrading over OS/2 on an HPFS partition, 
you must have your OS/2 disk 1 available during Setup.

If you start MS-DOS from a floppy disk and then run 
Setup, you will no longer be able to start OS/2 after 
Windows 98 has been installed. You must delete the 
Autoexec.bat and Config.sys files that OS/2 uses before 
running Windows 98 Setup.

If you want to remove OS/2 from your computer after you 
have installed Windows 98:

1. Back up the data files you want to keep onto a 
   floppy disk or network drive.
2. Delete the files in each of your OS/2 directories and 
   subdirectories, and then delete the OS/2 directories.
3. In My Computer or Windows Explorer, click View, click 
   Options, and click Show All Files. Then, delete the 
   following OS/2 files:

	Ea data.sf
	OS2ldr.msg
	OS2krnl
	OS2boot
	Wp data.sf

SETUP ERROR MESSAGES
This section lists specific messages that you may 
encounter during Setup and provides information about 
what to do next.

"Previous version of Setupx.dll" message:

Setup detects that an earlier version of SetupX.dll or 
NetDi.dll is in use. This may be because there are open 
applications on your computer. If you want Setup to 
replace the existing file and automatically restart 
your system, click OK. Or, to keep your existing version 
of SetupX.dll and NetDi.dll, click Cancel to quit Setup, 
close any open applications, then run Setup again.

Several programs are known to cause this error:

* Diamond's "In Control Tools"
* Ensonics AudioPCI sound card drivers
* Aztech sound card drivers
* Hayes Modem configuration utilites
* Some Windows Printing System utilities 
  (Canon BJ series)

If Windows 98 Setup still gives this error after 
rebooting, you should run Setup from the MS-DOS command 
prompt. See "INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 FROM MS-DOS" for more 
information.

Message SU0018
"Setup cannot create files on your startup drive and 
cannot set up Windows 98. There may be too many files 
in the root directory of your startup drive, or your 
startup drive letter may have been remapped."

The root folder of a drive holds a maximum of 512 entries 
(files or folders). This message indicates that Setup 
has detected too many directory entries in the root 
folder of your computer, and Setup cannot create the 
files it needs to set up Windows 98. Move or delete 
some files from the root folder of your drive, and 
then run Setup again.

This error message can also appear if your startup 
drive letter has been remapped. Several things could 
cause this:
* You have mapped a network drive to C. If this is the 
  case, remap the network drive.
* You have a LastDrive=C: statement in your Config.sys 
  file. Remove the LastDrive statement, or set it to equal 
  another drive.
* A third-party partitioning or boot manager program has 
  remapped the drive. Consult the program documentation. 
  You may need to uninstall the program before installing 
  Windows 98.

"Unrecoverable Setup Error" Message
"Unrecoverable Setup Error. Setup cannot continue on this 
system configuration. Click OK to quit Setup." This error 
could be caused by various conditions. See "General Setup 
Notes" and "INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 FROM MS-DOS" for more 
information.

Long File Names Error Messages
If you see the message "Setup has detected that the 
program, Long File Names, is installed in this directory. 
Setup cannot continue." quit Setup, and then remove Long 
File Names from your computer by using the Uninstall feature 
in Long File Names. See "View Software" for more information.

Not Enough Memory Messages
If you encounter an Out of Memory message, you can 
increase conventional memory by commenting out TSRs 
and loading device drivers into the upper memory area. 
For information on how to perform these steps, see 
Microsoft Knowledge Base Article Q134399, "How to 
Increase Conventional Memory for MS-DOS-Based Programs" at 
http://support.microsoft.com/support/kb/articles/q134/3/99.asp

Not Enough Disk Space Messages
You can recover disk space by completing any or all of 
the following steps:

* Right-click Recycle Bin, and then click Empty 
  Recycle Bin.

* Delete the contents of your Internet browser cache 
  folder.

* Delete files with the extensions .bak and .tmp.

* Delete unused program folders (be sure to back up 
  data first).

* Delete the old MS-DOS folder, unless you intend to 
  configure your computer to run both Windows 98 and 
  MS-DOS. (First, be sure you have a start disk that 
  supports access to the CD-ROM drive.)

* Delete the hidden file Winundo.dat from the previous 
  installation of Windows 95.

* Delete the old Windows 3.1 folder, unless you intend 
  to configure your computer to run both Windows 3.1 
  and Windows 98.

Setup Cannot Write to the Temporary Directory
This message may appear because there is insufficient 
disk space for the temporary directory. If space is 
available on another drive, use the following command 
line to change the temporary directory location:

	Setup /T:<drive letter>:\TEMP

If you do not have space available on another drive, 
free some disk space, and then run Setup again. See 
the "Not Enough Disk Space" Messages section for 
files that can be deleted.

CAB File Error Messages
CAB file errors are most frequently caused by one or 
more of the following: virus, low conventional memory, 
bad media, or hardware, especially CD-ROM drives. 

If you already created a Startup Disk, quit Setup, 
shut down your computer, insert the Startup Disk, and 
then restart the computer. This action creates a 
controlled environment from which to run Setup. Then 
run Setup from the MS-DOS command prompt.

To recover from corrupt CAB file error messages, try 
copying the Setup files to your hard disk and running 
Setup from your hard disk, using these steps:

1. You need an extra 200 MB free on your hard disk 
   and a temp directory to store files.
2. Boot off the Windows 98 Startup Disk and choose 
   the option to load your CD-ROM drivers. If you 
   do not have access to your CD-ROM drive when 
   booting off the Windows 98 Startup Disk, you 
   must load the drivers that came with your CD-ROM 
   drive.
3. Change drives to the CD-ROM drive letter indicated 
   by the MSCD001 prompt on the screen and switch to 
   the Win98 folder. Type: Copy *.* <destination drive 
   and the temp folder you created>
4. Change to that folder and run Setup, choosing Safe 
   Recovery if prompted.

See "INSTALLING WINDOWS 98 FROM MS-DOS" for more information.

If you have Multimedia Cloaking and are installing 
Windows 98 from floppy disks, Setup may not run 
successfully. If you see messages about Setup not 
being able to read .cab files, follow these steps:

1. Remove the line referencing Cacheclk.exe from 
   your Config.sys and Autoexec.bat files.
2. Restart your computer.
3. Run Setup again.

Message SU0010, SU0012, SU0015, or SU0016
If you receive one of these messages during Setup, 
see  "Installing Windows 98 on a System Running 
Windows NT" and "Installing Windows 98 on a System 
Running OS/2" for more information.

Message SU0011
If your hard disk is password-protected, Setup will 
not complete successfully. You must first remove the 
password protection. For more information, see your 
computer documentation.

Message SU0013
To set up Windows 98, your startup drive must be 
an MS-DOS boot partition. If your startup drive is 
formatted as HPFS or NTFS, you must create an MS-DOS 
boot partition before running Setup. For more 
information about creating an MS-DOS boot partition, 
see your computer documentation.

You may also receive this error if you have third-party 
partitioning software such as EZ drive or Disk Manager 
installed. If so, reboot your system and run Setup 
from an MS-DOS command prompt. For more information, 
see "Running Setup from MS-DOS."

Standard Mode Messages
If you get any of the following error messages, remove 
any memory managers (such as EMM386.exe, QEMM, or 386Max) 
from your Config.sys file, and then run Setup again.

	Standard Mode: Invalid DPMI return.
	Standard Mode: Fault in MS-DOS Extender.
	Standard Mode: Bad Fault in MS-DOS Extender.
	Standard Mode: Unknown stack in fault dispatcher.
	Standard Mode: Stack Overflow.

NOTE: If you still have problems, add EMM386.EXE back 
into your Config.sys file and exclude all ranges. For 
example,

	device=c:\windows\emm386.exe x=A000-FFFF

If you encounter these messages or if your computer stops 
responding during Setup, turn on double-buffering in 
SmartDrive. Several SCSI hard drives and some ESDI drives 
require double-buffering.

To turn on double buffering, add the following line to 
the beginning of your Config.sys file:

	device=c:\windows\smartdrv.exe /double_buffer+

where "c:\windows" is the path to your Windows directory.

"Setup Could Not Back Up Your System Files" Message
If you see this error message while Setup is saving 
your system files, you may not have enough disk space, 
particularly on compressed disks. Free up space on the 
drive you are saving your system files on (the default 
drive is C) by removing unneeded files.

Uninstall can require up to 75 MB on many systems. If 
Setup is not offering you the choice of saving your 
system files, you may be very low on free disk space.

"Cannot Continue on This System Configuration"
If you get this message, you may have an older, 
incompatible disk partition. Before you run Setup, 
you will need to back up your data and then repartition 
your disk.

Message SU0167
A file or folder called Desktop exists on your computer. 
Rename or move your current Desktop folder, and then 
run Setup again.

Message SU0410
Setup cannot open a required file, possibly because the 
file is missing or damaged, or because your computer 
does not have enough memory. 

If you have already created a Startup Disk, quit Setup, 
shut down your computer, insert the Startup Disk, and 
then restart the computer. Then, run Setup from the 
MS-DOS command prompt.

"Cannot Copy File" Messages
Try skipping the file; it may not be essential. If Setup 
does not complete successfully, or Windows 98 will not 
run, quit Setup, shut down your computer, insert the 
Startup Disk into the floppy drive, and restart the 
computer. Then run Setup from the MS-DOS command prompt.

SU99xxxx Messages
SU99 is a prefix that is added to all errors that Setup 
does not have a specific error message for. These errors 
are often caused by low conventional memory. If you have 
already created a Startup Disk, quit Setup, shut down your 
computer, insert the Startup Disk, and restart the computer. 
Then, run Setup from the MS-DOS command prompt.

"Setup does not have enough conventional memory to check your 
computer's hard disks." 

-or-

"Setup could not check the hard drives on your computer."

If you receive either of these errors, Setup was unable to 
run ScanDisk to check your hard drives. This could be because 
of low conventional memory or your disk contains errors that 
Scandisk cannot fix when run from Setup. To work around these 
errors, reboot your system to MS-DOS mode and run ScanDisk 
/all. Then, run Setup again. If Setup still fails, reboot 
to MS-DOS mode and run Scandisk /all /surface. This will take 
a little longer, but it will ensure your hard disks are in 
good shape. If, after running ScanDisk with these options, 
Setup still won't continue, you should run Setup /is to bypass 
ScanDisk.

NOTE: Bypassing ScanDisk is not recommened and should only be 
used if you are positive your disk(s) contain no errors.  If 
there are still errors, Setup may fail and your system may no 
longer boot.

EDITING THE CONFIG.SYS AND AUTOEXEC.BAT FILES
Your computer's Config.sys and Autoexec.bat files tell 
your computer what programs and devices to load on 
startup (for example, a virus-scanner program to 
Autoexec.bat file may direct your computer to automatically 
load). Windows 98 Setup will not run properly with some 
programs and devices. To remove or disable such a program 
or device, you may need to edit the Config.sys and/or 
Autoexec.bat files.

To edit the Config.sys and Autoexec.bat files:

1. In Windows 3.1 or 3.11, click File, click Run, type 
   Sysedit, and then press ENTER. In Windows 95, click 
   Start, click Run, type Sysedit, and then press ENTER.

2. In the Config.sys or Autoexec.bat dialog box, type 
   REM at the beginning of any line(s) that you want 
   to disable.

3. Save changes and restart your computer.

HARDWARE NOTES
This section includes notes on specific system 
configurations that may prevent Setup from installing 
Windows 98 successfully.

Sager NP8200 or Wedge Technologies 466/DX2
IMPORTANT: If you install Windows 98 on a Sager
NP8200 or Wedge Technologies 466/DX2 laptop
computer, you will not be able to use your 
computer, even if you reinstall a previous
version of Windows.

Plug and Play Network Cards and 16-Bit Real-Mode Drivers
When you need to run the 16-bit real-mode driver for 
your network interface card (NIC) (which is common if 
you use DLC or another real-mode protocol), your Plug 
and Play card may appear not to function because the 
16-bit NIC drivers load before Windows 98 has a chance 
to turn on Plug and Play cards. In addition, some 
16-bit NIC drivers do not recognize Plug and Play 
cards (most NE2000 Plug and Play clones fall into 
this category).

>>>To use your Plug and Play card with a 16-bit 
   NIC driver:

1. Run the Softset utility that comes with your Plug 
   and Play card, and then set the card to non-Plug 
   and Play mode.

2. Double-click Network in Control Panel, and then 
   remove the network card.

3. In Control Panel, double-click Add New Hardware and 
   follow the instructions on your screen. Windows 98 
   will detect your network card.

If you change to a 32-bit protected-mode NIC driver 
in the future, you can run Softset again to turn on 
Plug and Play mode for your card.

Intel EtherExpress 16 NICs and PCI Computers
Your system may not respond or you may experience 
initialization problems if you are using an Intel 
EtherExpress 16 NIC in a PCI computer with certain 
Diamond Speed Star PCI video cards. These problems 
are not related to Windows 98; they occur on a variety 
of operating system platforms. If you experience other 
problems with your EtherExpress 16 in a PCI computer, 
replace the card before you report the problem to 
Microsoft.

If you have one of these video cards, contact your 
vendor about getting a new video BIOS update.

- Diamond Speed Star PCI video card with BIOS 
  version 1.01
- Diamond Viper PCI VGA Video Adapter
- Diamond Stealth video card, Bios v1.03

IBM Thinkpad Model 750x/755x/360x
If you have one of these models (including submodels 
such as C, CE, CX, CS, and CSE), before you install 
Windows 98 check the IBM bulletin board or the THINKPAD 
forum on CompuServe for updated BIOS and/or Mwave 
drivers for your computer.

If you don't upgrade your BIOS, you may have problems 
if you move the mouse while your computer is turning 
suspend mode on or off.

View Software
Some utilities for Windows 3.1, such as Long File Names, 
need to be upgraded or used differently with Windows 98. 
To obtain a version of View Software that works with 
Windows 98, call (800) 536-8439 in the United States. 
Outside the United States, call (415) 856-8439.

MEMORY MANAGERS
If you have QEMM installed on your computer, it is 
recommended that you remove it from your Config.sys 
file before you set up Windows 98. You can add it 
back after Windows 98 is installed.

The following memory managers are incompatible with 
or may cause problems with Windows 98. It is 
recommended that you remove all references to them 
from your Config.sys and Autoexec.bat files and 
useEmm386.exe and Himem.sys, which are provided 
with Windows 98, to manage memory instead.

        Allemm4.sys - All Charge 386 Version 3.1
        HPemm386.sys and HPemm486.sys
        HPmm.sys - HP Memory Manager (must remove 
            before Setup)
        Iemm.sys Memory Manager
        Intel(R) Expanded-Memory Emulator (Ilim386.sys)
        Maximizer Memory Manager (Maximize.com)
        NetRoom Memory Manager (RM386.sys)
        QMAPS Memory Manager Version 5.16
        UMB PRO Version 1.07

NOTE: The documentation for 386MAX recommends you not 
set the EXT parameter below 64. If you set this parameter 
to 0, Setup will fail.

NOTE: If you remove the line containing Rm386.sys from 
your Config.sys file, you may need to install Himem.sys, 
which comes with Windows or MS-DOS. You can do this by 
adding the following line to your Config.sys file:

        device=<path>\himem.sys                                       

The <path> is the location of your Windows or MS-DOS 
files (for example, C:\Windows).


DISK-CACHE PROGRAMS
Before you run Setup, it is recommended that you remove 
any third-party disk-cache programs and replace them 
with Smartdrv.exe, which is provided with Windows 98.

If you are running one of the following disk-cache 
utilities, remove it. In some cases, Setup will remove 
it for you.

  386MAX Disk-Cache utility (Qcache.exe) (Do not use 
      with SmartDrive.)
  Cache.exe Disk-Cache utility
  Cache.sys Disk-Cache utility
  Flash Disk-Cache utility (Flash.exe) (do not use 
      with SmartDrive.)
  Hyperdisk Disk-Cache utility (do not use with 
      SmartDrive.)
  Icache.sys Disk-Cache utility 
  IBMcache.sys Disk-Cache utility 
  Mace Disk-Cache Utility (Mcache.sys)
  Norton Speed Drive Disk utility (SPEEDRV)
  Norton Utilities Version 5.0 and 6.1 (DISKREET, NCACHE)
  PC-Cache (PC Tools disk cache utility) (must remove 
       before Setup)
  PC-Kwik Disk-Cache utility (Pc-kwik.exe)
  PC_Kwik Disk Accelerator
  PC-Kwik Version 1.59 (Pck.exe, Pskscrn.exe, Pckey.com)
  PC Tools(TM) Disk-Cache utility (Pc-cache.com)
  Secretdisk II Disk-Cache utility (Fast512.sys) (Do not 
       use with SmartDrive.)
  Super PC-Kwik Disk-Cache utility (Superpck.exe)

SETTING UP A DUAL-BOOT CONFIGURATION WITH WINDOWS NT
To set up a dual-boot configuration on an x86 computer, 
install the operating system in the usual way, and then 
edit the Boot.ini file as described below. All system 
startup info is stored in the Boot.ini file, which is 
automatically created during Setup at the root of your 
computer's hard disk.

>>>To edit the Boot.ini file:

1. In Windows Explorer, click View, click Options, and 
   then click "Show all files."

2. Make sure "Hide file extensions for known file types" 
   is not checked, and then click OK.

3. Right-click the Boot.ini file, and then click Properties.

4. Click to clear the Read-only check box, and then 
   click OK.

5. Right-click the Boot.ini file, click Copy, right-click 
   a blank area of the Explorer dialog box, and then click 
   Paste. A backup copy with the file name "Copy of 
   Boot.ini" will be created.

6. Double-click the Boot.ini file.

7. Add the name and location of the alternate system in 
   the [operating systems] section of the file, as in the 
   following example:

	[operating systems]
	C:\Winnt="Windows NT 4.0"
	C:\="Microsoft Windows"

8. Save and close the Boot.ini file.

9. Right-click the Boot.ini file, and then click Properties.

10.Select the Read-only check box, and then click OK.

CREATING AN MS-DOS STARTUP PARTITION
To set up Windows 98, your startup drive must be an 
MS-DOS startup partition. If your startup drive is 
formatted as HPFS or NTFS, you must create an MS-DOS 
startup partition before you run Setup. For more 
information about creating an MS-DOS startup partition, 
see your computer documentation.

USING TERMINATE-AND-STAY-RESIDENT (TSR) PROGRAMS 
AND DRIVERS
APPEND (MS-DOS)
Do not use the APPEND utility with Windows 98. It 
prevents Windows and Windows-based programs from 
creating valid Well-Formed-Path (WFP) names for the 
files they are using. (A WFP is the complete name of a
file, including the drive letter and full path 
specification, starting from the root directory.)

Autocon Version 2.0e, Bootcon Version 1.60, and Boot.sys
These programs enable you to select from different 
configurations when you start your computer. Because 
Windows 98 Setup modifies only the first sections in 
your Config.sys and Autoexec.bat files, you may have 
to modify these files manually after Setup. For more 
information, see the program documentation.

Cubit Version 3.01
When you are using Cubit with Windows 98, do not 
compress the Windows System folder or any file that 
is loaded from your Config.sys file.

Before you upgrade to Windows 98, make sure that the 
earlier version of Windows is decompressed on your 
hard disk. You may recompress the files after you 
have successfully set up Windows 98.

Doubledisk Version 2.5
Windows 98 may try to access "phantom" disk drives if 
you use it with Doubledisk. Phantom drives occur when 
you use Doubledisk to create a compressed drive. For 
example, if you have drives A, B, and C on your 
computer and you use Doubledisk to create drive F, 
Windows 98 and MS-DOS recognize drives D and E as valid 
drives, even though they do not exist. You can use the 
DRVOFF utility to prevent Windows from recognizing 
phantom drives. To order a copy of the DRVOFF utility, 
contact Vertisoft.

Infinite Disk Version 2.1
Infinite Disk version 2.1 does not work properly with 
Windows 98. Either remove Infinite Disk software from 
your computer before you run Setup, or contact your 
software dealer for a version of Infinite Disk software 
that is compatible with Windows 98.

>>>To remove Infinite Disk from your computer:

1. Decompress any compressed files.

2. Remove the following lines from your Config.sys 
   and Autoexec.bat files:

	iddrv.sys
	idres.exe
	protect /c

3. Restart your computer, and then run Setup again.

NetWare(R) NetBIOS
In many configurations, the NetWare NetBIOS TSR is 
incompatible with Windows 98. In most cases, Setup 
will detect NetWare NetBIOS and remove the startup 
command from your computer. However, if you have
NetWare NetBIOS set up to start from a location 
other than your Autoexec.bat file (for example, from 
a different batch file), Setup cannot detect it. In 
this case, you need to remove NetWare NetBIOS manually. 
Windows 98 includes an IPX/SPX-compatible protocol 
that you can use instead of NetBIOS. For information 
about configuring Windows 98 to work with it, see 
Networks.txt.

Newspace Version 1.07
Windows 98 is incompatible with this disk-compression 
utility.

Norton Desktop for Windows (Ep.exe)
If the data-recovery program Erase Protect (Ep.exe) is 
loaded from your Autoexec.bat file, disable it when you 
set up Windows, especially if you are upgrading over a 
previous version of Windows. Because Erase Protect tries 
to save copies of all deleted files, you can run out of 
disk space while running Setup.

It is recommended that you run Erase Protect with a 
permanent swap file. If you are using a temporary swap 
file, exclude files that have a .tmp or .swp extension 
from erase protection.

Norton Disklock Versions 3.01 and 3.5
Norton Disklock versions 3.01 and 3.5 do not work 
correctly with Windows 98. Either remove this software 
from your computer before you run Setup, or contact 
Symantec product support for a version of Disklock that 
is compatible with Windows 98.

For information about how to remove Disklock from your 
computer, see the Norton Disklock documentation.

PC Tools Deluxe(TM) Version 7.1 (DATAMON)
If you load PC Tools DATAMON using the \SENTRY+ option, 
Setup may fail if you are low on disk space. Do not use 
the \SENTRY+ option when you are loading DATAMON.

Do not load DATAMON after loading SmartDrive. If DATAMON 
is loaded after SmartDrive, your computer may fail. See 
the PC Tools documentation for information about how to 
remove DATAMON.

PC Tools Deluxe Version 6.0 (DESKTOP)
If you try to start PC Tools from the command prompt 
within Windows, your computer may fail or restart itself. 
These problems also occur if you use MS-DOS commands 
from a command prompt within Windows.

Version 7.0 of PC Tools may correct these problems. 
However, do not load DESKTOP from a command prompt if it 
was loaded before you started Windows. If you do, your 
computer may fail when you quit Windows. It is recommended 
that you run DESKTOP from its PIF, provided with 
Windows 98.

SUBST (MS-DOS)
You may encounter problems with SUBST during Setup, but 
you can safely add it back after you have installed 
Windows 98.

UNDELETE
If you are running UNDELETE with the SENTRY option, Setup 
may have problems and you may run out of disk space during 
Setup. It is recommended that you remove UNDELETE from 
your Config.sys and Autoexec.bat files before running Setup.

NOTE: The SENTRY option creates a hidden directory named 
Sentry. When you delete a file, UNDELETE moves the file 
from its current location to the Sentry directory. Before 
you remove UNDELETE from your Config.sys or Autoexec.bat 
file, free disk space by using the UNDELETE/PURGE command 
on all drives.

If you do not remove Undelete, Setup will disable this 
command for you.

KNOWN POTENTIAL SETUP PROBLEMS
If you encounter problems during Setup, such as Setup 
closing unexpectedly or error messages that do not apply, 
increase the size of your permanent swap file. For Setup 
to complete successfully, the size of your permanent swap 
file plus the amount of RAM in your computer should equal 
at least 14 MB. After you change your swap file size, 
run Setup again.

NOTE: If your hard disk is compressed, you may have to 
increase the size of your host drive before you can 
increase the size of your swap file.


NOTE: Refer to the Intl.txt file to learn more about 
installing Pan European settings.